Update Go SDK Update docs for Go SDK 1.27.0 (#2913)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/go/message-passing.mdx

You must provide the Workflow Id, but specifying a Run Id is optional.
If you supply only the Workflow Id (and provide an empty string as the Run Id param), the currently running Workflow Execution receives the Update.

> You must provide a `WaitForStage` when calling `UpdateWorkflow()`. This parameter controls what stage the update must reach before a
> handle is returned to the caller. If `WaitForStage` is set to `WorkflowUpdateStageCompleted` the handle is returned after the update completes,
> if `WaitForStage` is set to `WorkflowUpdateStageAccepted` the handle is returned after the update is accepted ie. the validator has ran.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide a `WaitForStage` when calling `UpdateWorkflow()`.
This parameter controls what stage the update must reach before a handle is returned to the caller. If `WaitForStage` is set to `WorkflowUpdateStageCompleted` the handle is returned after the update completes, if `WaitForStage` is set to `WorkflowUpdateStageAccepted` the handle is returned after the update is accepted (i.e. the validator has run).

```

small formatting recomendation
